# this is the fork story

enter the bathroom:You wake up in the bathroom. You don't know how you got there, but you need to GET OUT.:flush the toilet|enter the hallway
flush the toilet:the toilet clogs. You turn around to see a strange hooded figure standing behind you with a bat.:enter the bathroom
enter the hallway:You see various rooms around you. the hallway looks very empty.:enter the living room|go up the staircase|enter the laundry room|enter the basement hallway|enter the foyer
enter the foyer:You get dizzy. You can't go any further here. Not today at least.:enter the hallway|attempt to keep going
attempt to keep going:you faint:continue
continue:you wake up to see a man dragging you:keep going
keep going:you're too tired to do anything. you fall asleep:enter the bathroom
enter the living room:There isn't much here besides a TV:enter the kitchen|enter the hallway|turn the TV on
turn the TV on:all you get is static:enter the kitchen|enter the hallway
go up the staircase:You see various rooms that look like they're at least a hundred years old:visit the upstairs bedroom|visit the children's bedroom|enter the master bedroom
enter the laundry room:There is blood on the wall above the dryer that spells out your name.:enter the hallway
enter the basement hallway:You see various rooms around you. the hallway looks very empty:open the door with the cross on it|enter the wine cellar|enter the unmarked door|enter the jailhouse
open the door with the cross on it:the room is dimly lit from a light on the ceiling... a man comes out from the shadows...He has a baseball bat... You can't leave. You faint:enter the bathroom
enter the wine cellar:You see various wine bottles on shelves, but nothing out of the ordinary.:drink the wine|enter the basement hallway
drink the wine:You become too drunk to be able to stand. You go to the bathroom to puke:enter the bathroom.
enter the unmarked door:You see a room full of creepy dolls.:pick one up|enter the basement hallway
pick one up:it shrieks... you drop it back onto the floor:enter the basement hallway
enter the jailhouse:You see bones scattered on the floor. You also see a strange drawer in the corner by a nightstand.:open the jailhouse drawer|enter the basement hallway
open the jailhouse drawer:You find a key inside. It looks like it goes to something. You decide to take it.:enter the basement hallway
enter the kitchen:You suddenly are very hungry.:eat food on the counter|enter the living room
eat food on the counter:You pass out on the floor. You wake up back inside the bathroom.:enter the bathroom
visit the upstairs bedroom:you see a bed with a strange drawer next to it. The door locks behind you:open the strange drawer
open the strange drawer:YOU SHOULDN'T BE HERE. YOU WERE SUPPOSED TO BE GONE!!!!:enter the bathroom
visit the children's bedroom:"sleep. it's been a long time since you slept." ...the door SLAMS behind you:sleep inside the bed
sleep inside the bed:zzzzzzzz...zzzz...zzz...HEY:enter the bathroom
enter the master bedroom:this requires a key to get into:enter the second floor chimney #hard-code-the-key-flag
enter the second floor chimney: you exit through the roof and get out of the mansion: enter the bathroom #WIN

